Fixes #7171 - Updates about_CommonParameters + 1 more (#7177)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/5.1/Microsoft.PowerShell.Core/About/about_CommonParameters.md

**PipelineVariable** stores the value of the current pipeline element as a
variable, for any named command as it flows through the pipeline.

> >[!NOTE]
> > When using the **PipelineVariable** parameter with [advanced functions](about_functions_advanced),
> > it will only accept the first value from the function to the pipeline and any
> > others will be ignored. The behavior is corrected in PowerShell 7.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>[!NOTE]
> When using the **PipelineVariable** parameter with [advanced functions](./about_functions_advanced.md),
> only the first value is assigned to the variable as values flow through the
> pipeline. PowerShell 7.2 corrects this behavior.
```

> >[!NOTE]
> > When using the **PipelineVariable** parameter with [advanced functions](about_functions_advanced)
> > and `begin`, `process`, `end` blocks, only values from the first keyword block are assigned to the
> > variable as values flow through the pipeline. PowerShell 7.2 corrects this behavior.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>[!NOTE]
> Advanced functions can have up to three script blocks: `begin`, `process`,
> and `end`. When using the **PipelineVariable** parameter with advanced
> functions only values from the first defined script block are assigned to
> the variable as the function runs.  For more information, see 
> [Advanced functions](./about_functions_advanced.md).
>
> PowerShell 7.2 corrects this behavior.
```
